Don't worry, sister.
My sister entered the door
I will definitely take good care of Beichen with my sister
That would be great.
Elm bumps like Beichen are not enlightened
There is a dusty woman like my sister to train
Best but
You see
This Jingyun is not like Gu Beichen
It's so easy to bully
Sharp teeth
But it doesn't matter.
He's a little too young to fight with me
The Gu family will be mine sooner or later, okay?
Jingyun agreed
Hurry up and give it to Jingyun Qing Dynasty
Mother, today is the anniversary of father's death
No need for tea
Why don't you follow our customs?
The concubine enters the door and washes his hands in the official basin
Your appearance is distinguished and inferior
Since you promised
Then do as you say.
Chunxiao, go get a basin of water
Don't bother
Can you go by yourself?
Now that you've all agreed, let's do it quickly
So as not to make a mistake in calculating the time with grandpa
Don't worry, mother, it won't be delayed.
Lin Jingyun
On the first day, I wanted to give me a slap in the face
You are still too young
If this pot of boiling water spills on you
Let's see what other shelves you have
Beichen won't even say a word for you
The first time we met in the last life
You threw hot water on you
This life
It's my turn to fight back
You bastard
What do you want?
This is paper money for grandpa
It was extinguished
That's a lot.
This is too much.
The master has authority
Is he going to take anger out on everyone?
No, no.
You bitch
Heartbroken
You just walked in
It shattered the paper money burned for the master
Mother, calm down first
I heard that the jade can be kept safe if it is broken.
My sister just bumped into my father's tears
Why don't you drop this jade plaque?
Let my sister apologize to my father
little lady
Sui Sui Ping An
Master, please don't follow us!
It's all done by this bitch
Don't follow
It seems that my sister is in Maple Leaf Field
So I don't work much.
Even the water is unstable
you
If you hadn't avoided me just now, how could I have been extinguished?
What is this saying?
My sister can't even hold water
Don't let me block it
Could this water be thrown at me?
I don't have it.
You don't have it. I think you are sincere.
The mother thrush is also considered a lady
I've never done rough work before
I can't blame her at all
you
I think you are fascinated by this fox spirit.
He just walked in the door
It broke the paper sign burned for your father
Mother, even if he has a divine fate
I will not agree to this concubine
You thought this would drive me away
Dream let's see
Dare to go no
I won't let you go
I want to take care of
The day the old lady promised you to come in
At the moment when you are most hopeful
Push you into the abyss with your own hands
Mother and sister are still pregnant with Gu Jiazi Temple
Why don't you let him live in the side room first?
OK
I see that you are pregnant with a child
Spare you this time
In the future, you have to learn from Jingping
No more pussy hands and feet